Document Testing configuration for RSpec users (#539)
rails/jbuilder: README.md

Jbuilder.deep_format_keys true
```

## Testing JBuilder Response body with RSpec

> To test the response body of your controller spec, enable `render_views` in your RSpec context. This [configuration](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/v/5-1/docs/controller-specs/render-views) renders the views in a controller test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the response body of your controller spec, enable `render_views` in your RSpec context. This [configuration](https://rspec.info/features/6-0/rspec-rails/controller-specs/render-views) renders the views in a controller test.
```

Rspec docs are no longer hosted on relishapp.com, suggestion fixes link to working docs

Author: Thank you @K4sku :tada:
